traditionally stocks rise as investors
dump money in the market capitalization
increases and thereby increasing the
share price in modern times however
everything is controlled by computer
algorithms insider trading has become
commonplace central banks are even
buying shares of the stock market
there's no way to know if there is any
real qualities left in the stock market
whatsoever too many questions and too
much at stake you came here for the
truth today we are going to talk about
the pump and dump before we hit the
flush I just wanted to discuss the fact
that I'm going to talk about the
Snapchat specifically and then I want to
connect that in with the much wider
economy
I think it's very important to address
the real economy what's happening you
need to know that everything's not just
rainbows and flowers although sometimes
it can definitely seem that way how to
spot a pump and dump I'm going to very
briefly cover this it's talking about
Bernie maid off talking about Ponzi
schemes and then this
is the pump and dump it involves the
building of feverish excitement around a
tiny company in such a way that insiders
can unload worthless shares on
suckers and while they suggest that it
has to be tiny I don't believe so with
the introductions of on let's say the
surface level we have the mainstream
media and we also have social media
which can push that element to um a
higher much higher degree then you have
of course all the computer trading and
everything else that can decide what any
stock will be priced at at any given
time I'll stop right there basically
it's a way to have certain investors put
their money in at the beginning the
stock Rises dramatically and then all
the good money smart money gets out
leaving all the suckers there that's
just uh one example of of how this works
let's get into this Snap-on snap off
shares of snap plunge below $24 for the
first time on Monday I'm not saying that
this is necessarily a pump and dump
let's be clear here but right away we
are seeing what happens all the
time everybody's so excited okay it's at
$24 at this time it's going to be great
this is the greatest thing since slic
bread so it goes up and people are
really excited people start dumping
their money in you see a lot of people
buying in here you see a lot of people
buying in here and even here and they're
waiting although that's you know Head
and Shoulders pattern it's coming
down and they're looking you know all
the tech all the uh all of these
technical analysis and they're
forgetting why they're in this in the
first place what is it about this
company that you need to invest in it
and do you want to dump a large
percentage of your savings into one
particular stock hoping that's going to
rise and rise and Rise just because you
use that app or you use that software
and you think it's so great that you
should dump your money and that's not
how this works I need to do a video I
mean I talk about in my book but I
really want to do a video of a
diversification how you can personally
diversify at this time I do not
recommend any paper assets but perhaps
there is a time in place for it and at
least if you're going to do it you
should know how to and
essentially what I recommend is if you
are liking the tech sector that you
would put not you know you buy shares of
apple and that's it I'm invested in Tech
no no no if you want to invest in Apple
you can put let's say 60% of your money
for that piece of your portfolio of tech
stocks of course you should have a 100
different things in your
portfolio but if you wanted to get into
this one in particular you would
purchase let's say even heavy weighted
60% into that particular stock and then
you would split up the remainder in
let's say snap you wanted to add a
little bit of that so maybe you put in
5% out of that remaining 40% and then a
little bit of um you know oracle a
little bit of of Amazon a little bit of
this and that to make up the remainder
and why do you do that because if one
fails then you're not going to be
screwed you're going to lose you know a
few percent instead of losing everything
and that's the thing that people make
the mistake of and that's why I see this
as being dangerous any IPO people are
just trying to get into the fury they're
thinking you know what I missed the IPO
on Google and I'm just made a big
mistake so I'm going to dump my money
into every IPO that comes out hoping
that this is going to be the next Google
and that is a very dangerous proposition
just want to show you just quickly here
is the stock from Google Finance it
looks a little different here but
essentially what you have is a 12 and a
little bit percent decline that's a
serious decline for a lot of people to
take particularly when they've invested
too much money a lot of people just do
this as a gamble thinking they're going
to get the next biggest investment and
it might it might go up but a lot of
people are not sophisticated they simply
dump their money in and they don't know
the truth about what's going on behind
the
scenes economic preparedness I want to
switch gears
here people despite the fact that
they'll dump their money in to snap
they'll dump their money into Facebook
and everything else look at
this this is actually surprisingly out
of the Federal Reserve own website I
found this um report that they've done
nearly half of all adults are
ill-prepared for a financial disruption
and would struggle to cover emergency
expenses should they arise how many
times have you heard me say
that
countless you know has it been a
thousand probably it's probably been
about a thousand times annoying
everybody over and over and over again
talking about this but now we have more
stats to add to that
46%
406 half of adults say they either could
not
cover emergency expenses costing
$400 or would cover it by selling
something or borrowing money you don't
have $400 to your name you're in
trouble now if you you were totally
prepared you had the solar panels you
had the water catchment you had uh all
these different preparedness items in
your house a water filter and everything
else and you didn't have $400 you'll be
okay cuz you're ready you're ready for
it but if you live in the city you're
working a 9-to-5
job and you know you lose your job and
all of a sudden you know your your
fridge breaks your stove breaks and you
have an unforeseen Medical
expense what are you going to do well in
this case you're going to try and sell
something or you're going to borrow
money and that is what half of
people are saying half of people and
then at the bottom paragraph 22% of
respondents experience a
major unexpected medical expense that
they had to pay out of pocket in the
prior year 46% of those say they had
that currently oh debt from that expense
think about that think about how serious
the situation really is when this is
what we're talking about can't have $400
if you need it desperately you have to
borrow it then you incur debt then
you're paying interest then you are a
slave to the economic system to the
monetary system this is the program
designed to keep you in Chains that's
why I developed the money GPS
strategy specifically to get people out
of this because it makes me sick to
think about a system designed
specifically by those the few the powers
that be the globalists the elite
whatever you want to call them that they
sit up there on their high horse in
their
Thrones
wearing this Crown million dooll crowns
on their
head telling you and I what to do
stealing wealth from you and I siphoning
it away when all we want is to just deal
with our own issues but every day we got
to go to the 9in to5 Grind ourselves to
the Bone all because of this monetary
system so we need to evade it Al
together sorry to segue there let me
just quickly move on uh Americans and
their unexpected expenses this is just a
graphical display anytime I can find
graphs charts diagrams anything like
that I think it's important to show
people because most people in fact are
uh visual Learners three out of five
Americans had a major unexpected expense
in the last year car trouble home
appliance repair and illness the most
common causes 41% of them will turn to
their savings to pay for their
unexpected costs and it goes on
basically what we have is a very very
serious scenario of people really
redlining and that is is
dangerous this here was something that
was news to me I mean I knew some of
this but not all of it beneath some
positive stats shopping malls are facing
serious
problems that threaten their health
including a shift to non retail tenants
and forecasted rent
declines you've seen the statistics
about consumer confidence being at highs
they haven't been at for the longest
period of time then you see this and I
believe this is the true information
consumer confidence I don't see at least
I've never seen to be a real stat I
think that that is a number that we
should never look at I've never been
able to match up to correspond the data
between consumer confidence and the
economy so me personally I don't like to
look at
it Wells Fargo stresses the need to look
deeper at high Mall occupancy rates
what we will see here is that they
suggest that Mom and Pop shops are not a
good thing they're which which I tend to
disagree with I think it's a great
thing um anyway they suggest that they
basically said
that they're getting a lot of these non
retail tenants so what were they what
are they talking about non retail well
check this out non- retail uses such as
doctor's office Town libraries and and
even a high
school so they're looking for Real
Estate maybe this High School in this
case and they look around and where can
they get a cheap way to get in this
happens to be the case if this mall is
struggling and they have the space
available they can do a deal and that's
the way this is working but if there
were stores that people wanted to come
into to buy
things those stores would open up but
that's what's changing yeah the mall can
be busy because you have a bunch of kids
in school you know it's much different
scenario than the kids coming to the
mall after school to buy things to buy
food to buy clothes to buy this and that
very different scenario and I believe
that the economy is really showing its
True Values right here the number of
babies born in Italy hit a record low in
2016 the population shrank and the
average age crept higher this has been a
trend year after year after year Italy
is just one there's a lot of countries
actually in Europe that are suffering
and you look at Japan obviously huge
huge problem and then you look at other
places which to me they're alarming but
not necessarily uh to a lot of um you
know the statistics exactly don't show
that but when you look at anything less
than 2.0 look if a parent is only going
to have one child it's not the
replacement rate isn't there so you need
to have a minimum just to keep things
going if you think about it parents
would need to have a minimum of two
children that's just the way it is but
what happens when they don't well you
have this crisis forget about you know
everything I talk about on this channel
just like
normal everyday
economics if they don't have enough
people paying into the Ponzi scheme
you're going to have a big problem
Bernie maid
off and Ponzi
himself knew what this is all about and
the government uses this exact policy
when they have these you know all the
social assistance programs that are
designed to take from the people and
then give back in a trickle fashion to
some people but ultimately keeping most
of it for themselves and that's the way
this works a bureaucracy ever increasing
this is a disaster waiting to happen I
believe even Robert kosaki wrote a book
about this and it's just an inevitable
fact you don't even have to have a
global economic collapse in the way that
I suggested with derivatives and
everything else you just have just
general looking at the numbers this is
an absolute failure waiting to happen
it's already Redlin there already have
trillions of dollars in
intragovernmental debt what are you
going to
do us airport Pat Downs are about to get
more invasive can they get any more
invasive I won't get into the article I
just thought it was very interesting if
you've ever flown and uh tried for the
path down I've done this before I've had
the
TSA say to me have you ever had this
done to you before I said yes in
Toronto's Pearson
Airport and they said well it's going to
be a little bit more invasive than
you're used to actually that was his
words and the individual got real
friendly with me but ultimately it was
better than going through the cancer
machine so I chose that um ultimately I
see it to be a problem though because
they're just using this as a way to grow
people and they're really really
grabbing people I mean it's it's just
the way it is and you see a lot of the
seething
workers just loving it it's really crazy
now of course not all the workers doing
that but you see a lot of that and it is
increasing you see the talk about that
happening people TSA agents stealing
from other people they're leaving notes
for them saying you know that was
enjoyable and all this sort of thing I
mean it's crazy it's disgusting and I
see it to be as a way to encroach on
people's freedoms they want to you know
a lot of people that go through the
scanner end up having to get a pat down
anyway in the end my suggestion to
everyone is to take the pat down slow
down the line as much as possible and
try to uh really put a jam in the system
I think it's crazy if you found this
video informative please give me a
thumbs up when you give me a thumbs up
it pushes these videos higher up in the
YouTube search ranking so I do
appreciate that last but not least if
you found the video informative I know
you will find my book The Money GPS more
informative you can actually look
through the book If you go over to
Amazon they have a look inside feature
that will allow you to flip through the
pages of the book and see if you like it
take care